Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's check on audio and video, make sure you can hear and see me okay
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gonna put your video off to the side, feeling dizzy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear and see me okay. Whoops. Let me turn my volume, can you hear and see me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. How you doing,
JESSICA G: I'm doing good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Ha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ha.
JESSICA G: Just means baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Babies healthy and happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: healthy and happy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, how much sleep. Are you getting
JESSICA G: Have been sleeping like Brad for the past couple of days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what are we thinking that's caused by what are your guesses.
JESSICA G: I don't know.
JESSICA G: Idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it I can't fall asleep or it's I do. And then I wake up and can't go back to sleep. What's the sleep pattern will think
I'm
JESSICA G: I'm like half awake half asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like all
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that lack of sleep is going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably contribute to more intense emotions when they come, you're aware of that kind of keeping that in mind, that's going to feel more intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you might be irritable. You're going to feel more irritable. When you're sad. You might feel more sad and an anxious, you might feel afraid. Okay, so it's going to dial that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just get the sense that there's something else going on. I can't quite put my finger on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said everything's kind of good. I'm just wondering if there's been something on your mind.
No.
JESSICA G: Not that everything's good been a, it's been a high week for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your mood has been what
JESSICA G: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: What's been going on.
JESSICA G: I've just been working and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me all about it.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I've been. I've been working with my grandparents and then with the other company.
JESSICA G: Pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, and what are you thinking about your clients.
JESSICA G: They're, they're nice they're nice I have such good luck.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I have really good luck with with that.
JESSICA G: Thankfully,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so feeling happy. So while you're at work. You're with people that are nice and what are you noticing so far because part of I think this process has been
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to your intuition. When you see signs, maybe talking on the phone or business practices or whether it's at work or even in relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you tune in and honor your intuition. So what are some things that you've either likes that your intuition is messaging or cutting down on the back of back burner. Like, I'm going to keep an eye on this.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: Let's see something that I kept on the backburner was that, um,
JESSICA G: On Friday when I went to the client's house. I got there and the clay has like two little kids and not boyfriend and stuff and
JESSICA G: And so when I went in there, they were still sleeping, but he told me to just start on the dishes and the dishes were awful like they were the whole family's dishes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, not a maid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, okay. So that's confusing, tell me that's back burner. So tell me the thought. That's the image that's the memory. What's your thought about. That's the whole family's dishes.
JESSICA G: Just
JESSICA G: To keep it on the back burner and make sure to document it in case you know it gets worse.
JESSICA G: But then I met the people and they're really nice people and you know it's it's
JESSICA G: It's not that big a deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know it's just me. So you can say it's a big deal if you want to, to don't deprive yourself of that option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's just see
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not in the front burner because just a new job. I like the people I just started. So it's not front burner. It's back burner for lots of different reasons, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to document.
JESSICA G: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what right what I think happens every time. How will it become front burner topic.
JESSICA G: I'm
JESSICA G: Just if they expect more from me.
JESSICA G: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, because I don't know what more is I don't even know what the job description is once you tell me what is what's the actual job.
JESSICA G: Like housekeeping.
JESSICA G: Grooming
JESSICA G: And meal prep, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so it's, it actually doesn't surprise you that
Gwenevere Abriel: That those dishes are there you are troubled by light housekeeping for one person, but this is clearly, you know, four or five additions from a meal that was more than just one person right
JESSICA G: Okay. And so, yeah, like I said, like say she's like, Oh, I need to do laundry or something like that, then
JESSICA G: And then it's like, not just her clothes, the little kids clothes and both the little kids. And you know what I mean, like, that'll be an issue. Well, I don't know, because
JESSICA G: I don't know because she can't she's I don't know exactly. They didn't tell me what exactly what's wrong with her but I kind of got the gist of it from what the boyfriend was telling me, and she had her spleen and her gallbladder removed and stuff.
JESSICA G: And so she's always like sick or something, I don't know.
JESSICA G: But that was just something that, you know, I kept on the back burner and
JESSICA G: if something else comes up and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So how I'm just curious, your, your organization is billing. This is a medical service. In other words, you're providing a service that is built through her insurance. Is that correct,
JESSICA G: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it called What's the service you're providing
JESSICA G: A home health care home care ager home health carried or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would really want to know what the, the actual tasks are
Gwenevere Abriel: It might boost your confidence around
JESSICA G: It's different with each patient like with some patients there and mobile. So you have to go and you have to, like, change the diapers. You have to bake them and with other patients. It's just, you know, like light housekeeping because they cannot move around.
JESSICA G: As much
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you keyed in on is in and of itself laundry and cleaning dishes is fine. It's just, I'm not the whole family's made. I wonder how
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how you'll make a decision down the line to either push the topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And discuss it or maybe you'll make a decision. It's not worth it. I like this job. And what difference does it make to me, I'll just do it. You're, you're gonna have to run that line, only you will know where it's being crossed, but you'll know
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now it's on the back burner.
JESSICA G: And I really, I honestly like it's it's therapeutic for me to clean and
JESSICA G: You know, and just the and then I'm proud of my job because it's, it can. I can take like a really messy kitchen and and make it clean and pretty, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's rewarding.
JESSICA G: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweet. And was there a sense of gratitude from that family as well.
JESSICA G: There was
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. And how about the home health part
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there some sponge bathing. Is there any of that sort of calming hair washing hair cleaning any of that.
JESSICA G: Now with that patient.
JESSICA G: Okay, now with that patient. She's, she's capable of doing it herself. Um, there the my patient before that.
JESSICA G: You might need assistance, especially the day that I went she had just gotten out of surgery or something. He said, and
JESSICA G: They did something to her kidneys. I didn't really understand, but I guess she had like a really bad.
JESSICA G: UTI. And so with her. I'm gonna have to probably sponge later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that like a okay or what's your thought about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not as rewarding as cleaning a kitchen.
JESSICA G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, some people like it. They think, you know, like that hands on kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so here's what I heard. Though I heard that my client likes working
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not notice you've been happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. This week I've been happy. So you, it sounds like have enjoyed getting back in that groove.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about where intuition and sort of relaxed vigilance, you can have a relaxed body, but you can stay kind of aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what's going on around you. What about in the work. People the administrative staff and their business practices because you've got taken advantage of last time there is unequivocal truth in that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to just tune in there and say, what are you doing differently to make sure it doesn't happen again.
JESSICA G: I don't know. I'm just being more vigilant, I guess.
JESSICA G: This company seems seems a lot more legit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how
JESSICA G: Like I turned in my time she I get you're not already gotten paid and every
Gwenevere Abriel: One there. So that's one
JESSICA G: That's a huge difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: hello and how are they paying you is it cash or with it with an actual check with the business name on it. Like, how, how is this going
JESSICA G: Yeah, directed by white I I chose direct deposit
JESSICA G: And so the company puts the money in my bank account.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like every week.
JESSICA G: Every weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out, Jessica. What's it like to have an income again.
JESSICA G: I feel so good.
Dude,
JESSICA G: So, so good. I could start paying my own bills, um,
JESSICA G: My mom kind of
JESSICA G: Did this thing where
JESSICA G: Because I was under family plan with her and her boyfriend.
JESSICA G: And me and she was like
JESSICA G: I had spoken to her about another a deal that they had excuse me with my cable company, um, for their mobile service. And she was like, Well, why don't you do that and I'll pay the the the down payment and everything. And that way you can start building your credit up
JESSICA G: But basically to like get me off the line announced, like, Yeah, you know, whatever. If you're buying me a new phone.
JESSICA G: So I called and I got the new phone. I used to a card to pay it, and then
JESSICA G: From then on, I'm gonna start paying back
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, nice.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'm gonna have to start paying the insurance and all of that to even know
JESSICA G: He's growing up mostly used to the car because I've been telling them time. I mean, he doesn't do it so
JESSICA G: I'm gonna have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is right now there's no insurance.
JESSICA G: Yeah, there's, there has to be yeah I put it on there that there has to be an order for me to have gotten that job right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a bit. Let's take another look at I'm half sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: notes here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not aware of anything, any thoughts that were going on.
JESSICA G: No, like all get up and it's weird. I'll wake up because I need to go pee and then not all stand the restroom for like
JESSICA G: Hours is dozing in and out of sleep and and i like on my phone. And I'm like, what am I doing like I'm supposed to be asleep and I get it, I get like frustrated with myself and I, you know, wash my hands and everything and go lay down and then
JESSICA G: Just stuff like that or like all of a sudden, I'll catch myself like sitting up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: And then whenever I do finally get comfortable.
JESSICA G: The baby is like cuz he sleeps with us.
JESSICA G: So the babies like has his foot in my face or the fans in my face.
JESSICA G: He's a wild sleeper. He needs his own bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, well. Now, a lot of families have different opinions on that. He needs his own bed, what's your approach to the age when that happens, like, what, what's your approach on it.
JESSICA G: I think what I'm trying to work towards honestly is me and him getting us getting a two bedroom and me and him getting our own room.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So you're thinking about, hey, this income is making you think maybe a go. Go get your own place.
JESSICA G: Not my own place just my own room.
JESSICA G: You know, yeah.
JESSICA G: I just need my own space. I don't know.
I can't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, not your own place. So you still want to live with the boyfriend.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I mean, it'll be easier. I'm both the list.
JESSICA G: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, you're in a one bedroom. Is that right,
JESSICA G: A LOFT you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, so do you want to set that as a goal, like something. Okay. Yeah. So we'll put gold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Okay. So in your own words, what do you want to do.
JESSICA G: I want to move into a bigger place and get my own room. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bigger place.
Gwenevere Abriel: This my own
Gwenevere Abriel: In my own room or my own bedroom or like what
JESSICA G: Yeah, my own bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bedroom
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if just now you just discovered what's keeping you awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it is you get to be alone on the toilet, right, because no time as anybody, I'd be sitting on there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a nice alone time and you're sitting up. Whereas in the past. There's been some this experience of when you're laying down right there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe some some history that hasn't always been perfect about it and there's kid a little kid foot in your face. And what about. Tell me about what kind of a sleeper your boyfriend is over there.
JESSICA G: She's a really heavy sleeper like he doesn't
JESSICA G: Hear anything, anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you like that about him or not like that about him.
JESSICA G: I mean, it's fine. He doesn't complain about me.
JESSICA G: That's good.
JESSICA G: I'll be up at all hours of the night watching TV and he doesn't say anything. So that's cool.
JESSICA G: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been hearing more and more about
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: backlit stuff of our TVs in our, in our phones and our computers and that that hour before bed for for sleep hygiene.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we rather than pull up YouTube video and movie that we pull up a magazine and a book. And we actually sort of sit in a chair. We read there. And then we make bed just for sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be inconvenient because maybe we're used to watching TV in bed and that last hours watching TV, but I'm thinking, you might want to play with some other slut sleep hygiene techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your sleep is interesting because you're tired, obviously you're able to sort of doze off in the restroom. But then you notice you're sitting up in bed you talking about watching you know TV if you picked up a book. What do you have around it. You could pick up
JESSICA G: The Bible but I've actually okay so
JESSICA G: I've been trying that for the past few days. Now like I don't turn the TV on anymore okay because I noticed that
JESSICA G: The baby doesn't sleep.
JESSICA G: He's dawn if there's anything you want sleep.
JESSICA G: And that means I don't sleep and so
JESSICA G: Like I've made it to where when we go to bed. It's everything's off and you know we're laying down
JESSICA G: So it's been like that for the past few days and he goes to sleep, but now I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So notice, I know I've asked before about reading materials and I know you mentioned the Bible but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you look at it more like I want to read something that sort of sends the message that it's time for me to go to sleep. This is, this is what the wind down. It's not deep thinking you see where is that the Bible requires a lot of thinking and analysis and it might bring up big topics.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is a little fantasy. You know, so fiction book or something might have a different
Gwenevere Abriel: Mindset. Do you have anything around or something you can pick up. What do you have
JESSICA G: I have a large selection.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I haven't heard about one what you got.
Oh,
JESSICA G: I don't know, there's like the I don't know them by name. There's one that I didn't finish reading. It's about the dash Acacia
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: Okay, sure. That was
JESSICA G: Pretty interesting. I didn't like it because I'm
JESSICA G: Like they took her away her father's older and she was a little girl, and they sent her to this like
JESSICA G: Madam, or something like that. And I, I didn't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you've picked a topic that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You know for some might say there's a sexual exploitation here of another human. So I'm not sure that's going to be your best go to book.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, maybe picking something
JESSICA G: Something else like it.
JESSICA G: Something else. Yeah, I have a habit of buying books. And I'm like, Okay, I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. And I just, it's just not the same anymore as when I was younger. When I was younger I could knock out books like one a day. And now I can't
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what else
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you have a ton of books in there. What's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's in there.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I would have to go grab them.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll pick one that you're trying to that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: That feels neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not emotionally provoking but neutral.
JESSICA G: Well, the ones I like
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your style.
JESSICA G: Chapter chapters.
JESSICA G: It's called an enchantment of rabid ravens I read like where am I
JESSICA G: Like on Chapter two.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you like about it.
JESSICA G: No chapter three.
JESSICA G: I'm just said it's like
JESSICA G: The girl falls in love with somebody. SHE'S NOT SUPPOSED TO AND HE HAS HE HAS magical powers.
JESSICA G: And then this is the memoir of the geisha one
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe. For now, that might not be go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe enchantment of a raven maybe that one that sense of that personality of defiance and sort of getting in touch with the juice of knowing one's own vision and, you know, I kind of like that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: selfishly wanting that kind of for you. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get back to this goal. I feel like we're getting some pieces together here. I want to move into a bigger place with my own bedroom. Now that's the goal now every day you can be doing some small thing to get you there. So sometimes it's every day I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Reduce one extra spending thing from my shopping list or it might be every paycheck. I'll have automatically transferred such and such amount of money. So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of something that you need to do more of or less of what could you be doing that eventually we'll get to that goal.
JESSICA G: Well,
JESSICA G: The apartments there.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I guess I could put more pressure on Ramon, because since he works for the company and they told him to just give his 30 days and we can move into the apartment.
JESSICA G: And I haven't been putting pressure, like I haven't been pressuring him to talk to them because I don't think it'll be the same if he talks to them. They kill get half of the rip off, you know, so we won't even have that big of an expense in the rent and
JESSICA G: BUT I KNOW IF I DON'T PRESSURE him if or if I don't like tell him to do it that he will
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about him that he can get the better deal.
JESSICA G: Because he works for the company.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah. Oh, I see. Now does he has he done something like this before.
JESSICA G: Yeah, but I was behind it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Strings. Yeah. Um, so what's interesting is, so he has the connection but you have the communication skills to pull the strings.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get him to say so. So what I'm on this is what you say this is what you do if they say this and you can explain kind of how to get this lower deal this lower amount right
JESSICA G: And at first, like it was, it was like
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: How can I explain it like at first he was just he wasn't taking me too seriously.
JESSICA G: But then my brother, but then I talked to my older brother.
JESSICA G: And he was like, Yeah, well, because he works for the same company and
JESSICA G: He kind of talked to him and told him, Hey, you know what, like it's a good idea. You guys are paying less for you guys will pay less for two bedroom, even if you pay full price, you know, all of that. So I'm
JESSICA G: Just this is what you're going to tell them you're going to tell them that
JESSICA G: You want to move out because the stairs. Because you guys have outgrown the apartment and the stairs are too dangerous for the baby. He's already fallen down
Gwenevere Abriel: I see you to leverage the baby.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: safety, safety, safety.
JESSICA G: Which I mean as an ally.
JESSICA G: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an it's an hair extension of the truth.
JESSICA G: Yeah yeah yeah
JESSICA G: Even alone, and he
JESSICA G: And he did it. And he did it. The very next day after my brother talked to him. The very next day he did it. But then I asked him the other day. Hey, well, so what's up. Did you give it 30 days. What's going on with that and he said that he hasn't seen the property manager.
JESSICA G: Which is alive because how do you work together and not see to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have no idea, not even getting in that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I put a month. But you tell me on the target date. When do you want to be able to have the money and have everything set up was a goal that you have, what would be a date.
JESSICA G: I would say
JESSICA G: May 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's what I have. Okay. Okay.
Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright and obstacles that will get in the way. What are some barriers that might make getting is it moved in, or by five. What am I getting the way
JESSICA G: I don't know. Just us lagging
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: Or the apartment, not being available anymore.
JESSICA G: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I love that. Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how does that feel to have texted him right in the moment. As soon as you thought of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you notice that you're the one pulling the strings. Right. You're the one operating the puppet.
JESSICA G: He said, I'm doing it right now. All
Right.
JESSICA G: Cheers. I'm tired of those
Gwenevere Abriel: And you share this other apartment doesn't have stairs.
JESSICA G: Well, it's on the second floor.
JESSICA G: Okay, but
JESSICA G: I won't be having to go up and down stairs all day.
JESSICA G: doing housework and stuff.
JESSICA G: Okay, so you said about me pulling the strings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what does that say about your, your sense of self confidence, your sense of self, trust your sense of identity and self esteem. What do you think that says about who you are, that you're able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what to do.
JESSICA G: I've just had to assume that role.
JESSICA G: Because he's used to his mom doing it.
JESSICA G: So now that responsibility has fallen on me I have to call and make a
JESSICA G: doctor appointment dentist appointments
JESSICA G: Like if I don't do it. He won't go or he won't make them himself but
JESSICA G: Now I've gotten to the point where it's like
JESSICA G: Like for example, I was the one that had to ensure the car, otherwise it wouldn't have happen right you know I'm I've gotten to the point where I tell him like you need to do this by yourself. I'm sorry, but I don't know how else
JESSICA G: To. I don't know how else he's gonna learn, you know, because that's the way I learned
JESSICA G: And so I just tell me you have to do these things on your own sheets talked about getting on the on the phone line with me and getting a new phone. And I was like okay well call
JESSICA G: And he didn't. He was like, No, I'll call later something you wanted me to call and I'm not gonna do it. I told them. Okay.
JESSICA G: No.
JESSICA G: You're not going to get a new phone and
JESSICA G: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get impatient, much like his mother did you taking her place. You know, inadvertently we don't mean to but we end up reinforcing
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Non action. So his not taking responsibility in a sense you and mom are reinforcing it by coming up behind him and scheduling it
Gwenevere Abriel: And he just has to wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Till you guys can't take it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all he has to do is just wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this will be interesting to see where your conviction is on whether you're willing
Gwenevere Abriel: To wait it out, he if he doesn't feel the inconvenience of it. Why, why would. Why would any of us really I don't want to do those things, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not if I know if I wait another couple weeks, somebody's going to do it for me. I'm going to wait. I'm just going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you can tolerate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then he might just learn the inconvenience. It's not worth it anymore. Maybe he can go faces fear, whether it's confrontation or something like that. I don't know. You think that's it.
Yes.
JESSICA G: Yes, and see when he first got here. Like, I tried so hard to because like the first few days he was crying every day.
JESSICA G: He would cry and you know he was really like it was hard on him the move. He's never been away from his mom.
JESSICA G: I'm solo, the first
JESSICA G: Few months I tried to make it as comfortable for him as possible. I was really attentive to him, like, you know, like I was just grateful that he even came like he took the responsibility and, you know,
JESSICA G: And I wasn't getting anything back like he wasn't
JESSICA G: Seeing all that effort that I was putting in the normally I wouldn't
JESSICA G: And so I feel like a lot of that's where a lot of those admin comes from, like, when he first got here. I literally grabbed him by the hand took him to this place where he works at and
JESSICA G: I had to stand there and watch them felt application because they told them all. Bring it back whenever you're done. And so we she was about to start heading out the door tone and they'll fill it out right here and talk to the people.
JESSICA G: Like literally like
JESSICA G: You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jessica, you have an older son. It's what you have
JESSICA G: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think there's a part of you that knew that was going to be the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just between you and me. We don't have to tell anybody else, but you probably on some level, you were happy to just have him and and that that's okay too.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean you end up kind of wanting more. And there is more to a relationship than that. And when that comes up. If it does, well then, okay, fine, but this is what you want for now. Okay, fine, but you don't get to beat yourself up for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you got you got someone who you basically said, I will take on the role of parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Mommy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you won't be surprised that he's acting like a baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: But another part of being a parent is what you did with the application.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Are you say no. I believe in you. You can do it now and you go outside. He stays in there and fills it out himself. It's like, like we would a kid, we would say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is we would role play and we say this is how we do it. And I think you can do this piece of it. Let's at least set the appointment. And so we progressively give more and more responsibilities. So for him, if you want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the one not having to do everything you could kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it incrementally. Well, can you start with making the call, at least start with the schedule. I'll follow it up with blah blah but it would mean a lot to me if you would do this one piece and this is what I would say to I'm just assuming he doesn't know what to say. Because he may not
Gwenevere Abriel: But just now. So maybe he did you think he already knew what to say to the owner
JESSICA G: I'm, I'm pretty sure because my brother told him what to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so someone else took that on and said this is what she say oh the baby you know he's that risk taking the stairs and so gave him some. But notice how someone needed to give him the skill and what to say how to leverage something to try and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, be persuasive a persuasive argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you let that in Jessica and say this is this is the man he is
Gwenevere Abriel: And not fight it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it won't be a resentment, like if you can say, I kind of knew this was going to be the gig.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so slowly, I will talk with him and say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to be in charge of all of our annual exams.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever made one to wonder how I navigate that conversation, what I have, I have to have my insurance card with me at the time because they're probably going to ask me if my insurance has changed. That's what I tend to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have an appointment book and I can cross check and make sure that it's no less than a year. That way it stays free there's little things that we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we take for granted because we've been doing it for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he won't know those things. And so he may pop up and say, I don't have time you you've got all this time you go do it. I already work. And so what can happen is they might
Gwenevere Abriel: Pop up and act like it's nothing but a thing. But really they're insecure and they just never done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can give them an out by kind of saying you know that when I the first time I did it. These I was kind of uncertain, but they're actually pretty friendly and this is what they're expecting and these are the things
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
JESSICA G: I think it just frustrates me like that's the problem with my cousin, you remember I was telling you about my cousin.
JESSICA G: I just get frustrated because
JESSICA G: I don't know I don't know I
JESSICA G: My mom has always made sure that she was like, No, you can't. You calling you do this or you do that by yourself and like you know
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: She felt like she was like shoes, she tried her best.
JESSICA G: To make me like, you know, but
JESSICA G: So it's frustrating to me because
JESSICA G: Like their mom means like holding their hands and stuff. And they're still acting
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica. It can be a mixture
Gwenevere Abriel: Like maybe a part wanting to be baby ourselves. I want that baby and I want to have to rely on someone like that it can be that and like that's not good for cousin to learn independence. It can be a really complex experience. And if it's a cousin that
Gwenevere Abriel: The one you talked about in the previous session. That's this whole other layer of
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheat is not being held accountable and now you're babying her It's just. Now it's really complicated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
JESSICA G: Now, I was living with that Auntie, and she had moved out.
JESSICA G: And she likes sabotage.
JESSICA G: It was weird. Who's your she was weird. It was like she sabotage to me being there, you know, and I was getting really close to my auntie. I was helping her out a lot. And then she started coming around more and
JESSICA G: Like she stirred up so much drama that I was to the point where I literally from one minute to the next. I told my brother, I need to get out of here, his girlfriend went and picked me up all the way to grovel
JESSICA G: from Albuquerque. And I left that same night cuz I was like, I'm not going to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you uncomfortable giving me the cousin's name for some reason. Are you ready to do that. Or it's still bringing some negative feelings up
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about saying the name does something that just saying, but even saying cousin is progress because originally it was, I don't want to say, right, notice
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, I don't want to say who it is. And then on your own last session. By the way, I didn't have to even encourage it. You did it on your own on your terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all I'm saying is, I know you don't even have to tell me or you could you know that you could make up a name, and I wouldn't know the difference. Right. You do realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: Only reason why I say it is because when the she's she she sabotage. I could be thinking it's on t see so I don't know my she's I don't need my know my pronouns.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the only reason why I like to know the players.
Gwenevere Abriel: The name itself. So that's all you don't even have to tell me which is pay attention to your body as I even brought it up just well I do. I don't want to. Or yeah, why am I not telling her, or just kind of pay attention to you on your terms. You get to decide okay
JESSICA G: And it's crazy because, like, all this is coming up now when it didn't before.
JESSICA G: Like before, like, you know, we were so close. And I had this mentality where
JESSICA G: Like I just forgave them.
JESSICA G: And now I'm pissed off.
JESSICA G: Now I'm pissed off for myself.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: I'm okay with that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's part of this reprocessing and therapy. What if it was I forgave before I was angry. What if I forgave before I was sad. What if I forgave before I worked through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean you can't have acceptance. Right. It doesn't mean you can't get to that I can hang out with these people and not be like want to scratch our eyes out. I think you probably you can get there, but there may have been missed grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be causing resentment and that might be what we're doing is I'm bringing as I bring up that old stuff. It might be coming up to the surface. Do you think that's what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Okay. Do you like a de
JESSICA G: Yeah, I didn't even give my myself a chance to, you know,
JESSICA G: To be mad being angry.
JESSICA G: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How could you you've been having to to be with so much scarcity and you're being told.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not enough. We don't have enough. There's barely enough. You're scrounging for this and you're getting by with just the bare minimum, how on earth would a young woman or a little girl think there's any room for you to be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had every reason to think if I'm angry. Everyone will leave me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I stand up for myself everything all my resources were disappear. Is that a possibility.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: But it happened anyway so
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried it the other way, they forget left me anyway.
Yeah.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a perfect thought. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I like this one right now, someone said to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: at a pivotal concept that really made the difference for them, this, this, I've been playing with it to just to see if I like it. See if you like this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm going to be 40 someday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you are going to be someday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I picked for you because you're a young one for me, it's going to be 60 someday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be 40 someday. So sit with that for just a second. Just gonna be mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not gonna not gonna die. I'm going to be here, raising my, my little boy, I'm going to be 40 someday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I want to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might as well get started on it. Now I'm gonna be 40 anyway. I might as well have invested in this. And in this. What are those things, Jessica, you want to invest in, because you're gonna be there. Anyway, what do you want in the rearview mirror. What do you want to have invested
JESSICA G: Mainly, my son.
JESSICA G: And I catch myself.
JESSICA G: Saying that like thinking something similar to that like
JESSICA G: Like I'm never going to get this moment back
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That is true.
JESSICA G: And so I try to make the best of it for him.
JESSICA G: Like yesterday, every time. He's been throwing fits. When we go to my grandma's because he wants to be outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: So, yesterday I wasn't on the clock. I just was hanging out over there. I told my ground might help her make and by analysis and
JESSICA G: My son wanted to go outside. So I stayed outside with him and I just followed him around, and you know he wanted to go up and down and up and down and yeah and I just for like a couple of hours. I should, you know,
JESSICA G: Up and down, following him around, and then
JESSICA G: He was happy it was worth it to see him happy.
That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to see your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get everything he needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can feel the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can see all my son's happy and although it might be a tedious task for you. That's the investment you would like to see
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the stuff that was not given to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are giving it to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, keep doing it while it's working.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. It feels it does feel the soul to give what we did not get. There's no getting around it.
JESSICA G: But, um,
JESSICA G: I've been pretty upset, though, because
JESSICA G: I feel like he's
JESSICA G: He shouldn't be angry when he gets angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, okay. I know I got you. So, so I feel what you're you're making up a story about his dialing up of anger. So what are you making up that what is that saying about you as a mama. What is that saying about what does that do, what do you do in there and what you do in your head.
JESSICA G: Like what
JESSICA G: I got, what did I miss what did I miss like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are thinking that anger is a sign of what
Gwenevere Abriel: Can she do
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to come true. Just because you tell your therapist, you might as well say it out. You're having it in your head. It might be keeping you awake. Honey, it's going to be something else. And if it is, will face it together and your it's going to be fine. But name it you, I got you.
JESSICA G: Like what if they did something to him and I didn't know about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. What if they touched my little boy. Is that what you're trying to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. All right. Hey, I got you. I know that's what you think I know what those tears are
Gwenevere Abriel: It is your worst nightmare and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we said we said it out loud. So what you said was the story you're telling yourself as he's angry when we go want to go to Grandma's and it's because we get cooped up inside of grandmas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's what you told me, but she said something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's someone's touching him over there and I haven't been seeing the signs. Well then, can't do anything about those moments you can have that heightened awareness, your heads, not in the sand. You just said it out loud. So what would be some signs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we were outside at grandma's and this fret was still there. Or we could draw a picture. Here's what it's like to be at grandma's. What's the feeling you have when your grandma's and it's a feeling, and he draws a picture. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can be his little therapist that a mom is in everything. It's our spiritual leaders, our teacher therapists his dad, his mom. It's everything a mom isn't everything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. But when you're terrified of it, you're not going to want to draw a picture because you're not going to want to know the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you step into that awareness. Why don't you rule it out. We could draw have a little, a little picture. Let's see what it looks like. What's the feeling AT MOMMY'S house and you draw a picture and let him draw
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Because kids want to play. Let's play us sock puppets or I don't know what, there's lots of different ways to use play but kids language or not is someone touching you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids want to play. That's how children communicators. They do it through play so he's communicating something
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we can we can just if you have the courage to sit with that that's going to be how the information is going to be exchanged then he'll feel it that my mom's feeling confident and and it's safe for me to share because kids can pick up on five their parents not able to write
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear this information. So then there's play maybe we can do finger painting and what colors, does he pick for this one. What does he do you know he's too. Right. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some crayons and let's draw a picture of the feeling. Let's do happy. Oh, you draw a picture of happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say where is that, where do you feel happiest oh damn house or when I'm with my stuff my stuff my little stuff. Damn. Well, what about sad. Let's what colors that are and he draws that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can say where is that that's, I don't get my apple juice. Yeah, can you get that much communication.
JESSICA G: Yeah, he's trying
JESSICA G: He's trying so hard to put his words together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, but you so it has to right so developmental that might be a little advanced. We got to pull it back even further. So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be he might first learn the names of emotions. It might be starting a little slower learning and learning what an emotion is this is happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're playing. So when you're planning to say I'm feeling happy. Are you feeling happy or smiling were giggling. That's the emotion happy. How are you feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that IKEA or Lord for relaxed or whatever happy as I only know a few Spanish words I use it does help chunky like think is chill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Investment mucho.
Gwenevere Abriel: From us long as
Gwenevere Abriel: But, um, maybe it's there, it's like, Okay, and let's have those words so that we can communicate so that he can communicate
Gwenevere Abriel: On his frustration. Okay, so let's come back. I know my next client will be here but you just shared something really fragile and important, so tune it go back into the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nice belly breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see see that the bodies. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You live through a thought of the worst thing and you are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No danger. What he's judging you. Nobody's coming at you with any violence or aggression. You're just all you did was have a thought you had a perceived thought and scary maybe and sad and you are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we moved
Gwenevere Abriel: Up in the neck.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the same skill that you have about
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get that landlord on board. It's the same brain that frame that you came up with in vivo can come up with these other ones for learning more about what's going on with son. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe we'll start with language of feeling words. This is a picture and then whenever you see him happy. You go over to the picture and you're like happy and then you show happy and he's smiling that's that's happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except the Spanish word or maybe you're doing two languages, I don't know, or sad. That's sad. Are you sad when I have tears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get my way I'm sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: When someone teaches me or or you can teach him creepy like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, can teach and that way. What's a creepy feeling when you get around someone that you don't trust I feel creepy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but someone touches my body part, they're not supposed to only you touch those parts or you've asked your mom to help or your dad or someone you trust so you could go into that if you wanted to talk about through that creepy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that that body awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see a little legs up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: I think let's see we have such a habit going on. I already we're having written in for 27th at 11am
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will see you then. Do you need me to message, your doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I will see you in group my Nana.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoy your day. Okay.
You're welcome.